1999-07-14:
	Check that it would compile with C++.

1999-04-13:
	Modify clanrank.c so calculating victory points is in a
	seperate function.  Fix customstart.c.  Change save_player_list
	so it prints out all players except player 0.

1999-04-03:
	Change player structure so that players now have a
	status.  This will be BLANK (never initialised),
	ACTIVE (currently in game), WITHDREW (volentarily left the
	game) and EXTINCT (wiped out).  It may useful to record
	which turn they exited the game.  This change means that
	player[i] will always be a valid pointer.  However, a check
	will be done to check their status.
	
1999-03-31:
	Fix date printing in debug.
	Add decode stuff to PRCS archive.
	Decode now reads in the file and correctly reprints it.
	decode.scm now displays bands and dens.

1999-03-17:
	Fix bug in pscenprn.
	Alter worldinit so that ALL player information including
	template startup (NOT custom template but rather a file name)
	used in worldinit.  The points and startup field added to
	player struct.

	The structure of the init file is
		REF,CLAN,NAME,STARTUP

	TORDBORD now compiles again with orders sort of working (not
	tested at all).

	world->num_players now includes player 0.  This makes memory
	allocation and loops much simpler and fits in a lot better
	with C.

1999-03-16:
	Customstart now working.
	Still problems with allocating dens when world small.
	Spies should load and save correctly.
	PSCENPRN now works correctly.
	fill.c completed but escape clauses in random loops removed.
	lay_island_II modified in fill.c to correctly fix the land percentage.

1999-03-15:
	Start work on removing the binary save file.
	Fix worldfill, worldpop and worldfix.
	World creation almost finished except custom start.
	Add template field to hex.
	Remove old_hex definition.
	Set feature ownership correctly in worldfix.
	Features now save correctly.
	Spies don't currently save or load from file.

1999-03-08:
	WorldShut finished except turns undisturbed for building.

1999-03-07:
	showhex extended to show 5x4 hexes and dens, fertile.
	MOVE order almost finished.
	SPLIT order done.
	RECRUIT order almost done.
	SEA MONSTER combat now works.
	Lots of old code removed.
	new_hex_t renamed to hex_t.
	World renamed to world_t.
	TextOrderConvert now uses proper structure including jump table.

1999-03-01: showhex written.
	This is help play the game by actually seeing what's going
	on.

	MOVE order needs fixing about not reporting illegal hex etc.

1999-02-20: Start of new lizards.
	This involves splitting features from terrain leaving the following
	terrain features: PLAIN, WATER, SWAMP, PEAK & SCRUB.  The features
	are DEN, HOMEDEN, BAND, TEMPLE, RUIN, RAFT, BRIDGE, FERTILE,
	VOLCANO, WHIRLPOOL & CURSED.

	Spies are currently treated although the only reason is that
	there can be more than one spy per hex.  Better to leave spies
	alone for the moment.

	Complete TERRMAST in libturn.
